---
title: 'Day 86 - June 21, 2021'
date: '2021-06-21'
thumb_img_alt: lorem-ipsum
excerpt: >-
  Yesterday I took my Dad sailing around Casco Bay for Father's Day. We had a
  blast and couldn't have asked for better weather. I was impressed with just
  how many sailboats were
hide_header: false
template: post
thumb_img_path: images/Day 86.png
---

<iframe src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?height=315&href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FAnchorAdventures1%2Fvideos%2F174068524695456%2F&show_text=false&width=560&t=0" width="560" height="315" style="border:none;overflow:hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>
<br />

Yesterday I took my Dad sailing around Casco Bay for Father's Day. We had a blast and couldn't have asked for better weather. I was impressed with just how many sailboats were out there that day. I remember when I first put Wayfinder in the water at the end of March, I had the water to myself for a couple of months. It was exciting to see everyone out there sailing.


I had never had a passenger on board before, and that was a new experience for me as well. Sailing felt very different with someone to talk to. And my Dad, though not a sailor, made excellent crew.


I wanted to make as much progress northeast as possible today before the forecasted 35kt gusts this afternoon, so I had the sails raised by 6:30 this morning and motored until the wind came in around 7 and we went under sail alone.


It was a calm morning on the ocean, and I worked on setting up surgical tubing on my sheet to tiller system to replace the bungee cord that broke sailing to Portland last week. I'm able to keep it sailing at a close reach, but any other point of sail does not hold well. I need to keep tinkering with it and adjusting it.


As I got closer to my destination, I sailed into a thick fog and was unable to see anything around me. My first time experiencing conditions like that, it was a little exciting, slightly eerie, and very surreal.


I feel more and more each day like I'm coming into myself as a sailor. My confidence in myself grows, and I daydream about crossing oceans. I will probably do an overnight trip soon, once I work out my sheet to tiller system.
